Project #8 - Submission form

Please fill in this form and submit it with your project #8.

Enter no more than 5 user stories that you did for the assignment that you would like to be
graded on. For each story include the following information:

Story number and name: 1 - Extend user profile detail with usage
Story points: 3
Brief description to see the story in action:

Click on the name of any user on the sidebar list and their detailed page should show up with their most recently uploaded Photo
(and a thumbnail of that photo) along with their photo that has the most comments (with a thumnbnail also showing). The most
recently uploaded Photo has the date underneath it and the photo with the most comments has the comment count. Clicking on either of 
these photos should take you to the photo's detail view. 


Story number and name: 5 - Deleting Comments, Photos, and Users
Story points: 4
Brief description to see the story in action:
There is a "delete" button next to any thing that the logged in user owns, such as a photo, comment, or is own user profile. 
Deleting a photo removes it from the database and from the photo view, and deleting a comment does the same. When the user deletes his 
own profile, the user profile is removed from the database and he is logged out. All his photos and comments on other photos are deleted as well.


Story number and name: 6 - Photo "like" votes
Story points: 4
Brief description to see the story in action:

Go to any user's photo and click the "Like" button. You will see the current like count showing underneath. If you unlike the photo, the like
count will decrease by one. The application will not let you like a photo more than once. A user's photos are sorted by the number of
likes (decreasing) and if there is a tie, sorted by the most recently uploaded photo. 


Story number and name: 8 - Sidebar list marks users with new activity
Story points: 3
Brief description to see the story in action:
Add a comment on a photo, and the latest activity description for the logged in user should update to "Just uploaded a photo" with the thumbnail of the photo.
The latest activity description will update once a user comments on a photo, logs in, or logs out. If you register as a new user, your latest activity description will say 
"Just registered as a new user." 



Total Story Points: 14

Marketing Video URL (ensure permissions are set to public viewing): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qa7VMg9uNsE

Is it OK with you if we post your Marketing Video URL on the class discussion forum? Yes

Any special instructions for Grading (should be easy to run app from new machine): None


